Gye Bun-ok, stop right there!
I don't need
to be supervised by you, do I?
Is she crazy?
How could she be so rude to her?
Pi, you little…
You turned it off
without telling me last time.
How is it in there?
Ah.
This is Gye Bun-ok,
the telephone operator of the dorm.
Are you working for the ANSP?
Are you outside the dorm right now?
Who are you? Where's Pi?
Please! Please listen to me.
I have very important information.
So I contacted you in Ms. Pi's place.
Important information? What is it?
I am really on the ANSP's side.
If anything happens to me,
you must help me, okay?
Okay?
All right. So what's the information?
What happened is,
Lim Soo-ho the spy
and the ANSP team leader--
Hello? Hey.
This little…
You…
How long have you been
in league with them?
I haven't. This is the first time.
That radio belongs to Ms. Pi.
I just found it in the restroom.
Since we found out you helped the spies,
did you need some insurance?
If there were bullets in the gun,
you would've killed Ms. Pi.
What you did was horrible,
but you don't regret your actions at all.
If Ms. Pi hadn't begged us to let you be,
we would've locked you in the basement.
Then you go about
doing something like this?
Ms. Pi begged you to let me be?
She really did?
Do you know how many crimes
you have committed?
Violating the National Security Law,
threatening to kill,
illegal possession of firearms,
and probably attempted murder too.
If you give the ANSP some information,
you think they'll let you off the hook?
Did you think catching a Northern spy
means a better performance review
and more incentives?
I was…
forced.
I was forced to do it. That's all.
If you try anything stupid once more,
I'll consider you a Northern spy.
Go upstairs.
There's good news.
Since the explosion and gunfight
this morning, it's been about ten hours.
And it's been confirmed by the command
post that there were no casualties
from the explosion…
Mr. Choi.
Are there really no casualties?
It's not a cover-up?
How could no one have died
when bombs exploded?
I mean, that's such a relief.
You know my husband is trying his best
to save every single hostage,
even on the day of Yeong-u's burial.
Okay.
Why don't you try and convince him
to call it a day now?
Okay. Thank you.
CAFETERIA, LOUNGE